README.md, before:

# NESEMU - NES Emulator

NESEMU is a software emulator for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES), a popular 8-bit home video game console from the 1980s.
This emulator is the NTSC version of the NES. There are no current plans to add PAL compatibility.

## Dependencies

- [SDL2](https://www.libsdl.org/download-2.0.php)
- [SPDLOG](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog)

## Building

### Windows

Currently, NESEMU is only compiled using Visual Studio 2022's compiler on Windows, and it is developed using CLion as the IDE.

#### Build Steps

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/EA677698/NESEmu`.
2. Open the project in your perferred IDE.
3. Make sure SDL2 and SPDLOG are properly linked.
4. Build and run the project.

### Other Operating Systems

Support for other operating systems is planned and will be added in the future.

## Testing (CLI)

The emulator can be testing by passing arguments to it. The following are the available arguments:

```./emulator (path to the ROM file) (Optional initial PC value, otherwise set to -1) (Memory address 1) (Memory address 2)...```

Memory addresses passed as arguments will have their contents printed every cycle.
if '~' is passed in place of a memory address, the emulator will read continuously from the last specified address until
it reaches a null terminator then will continue with the rest of the arguments


## Resources

A lot of information, research, and resources that have been used in this project can be found at [nesdev.org](https://nesdev.org).

## Contributing

If you're interested in contributing, please open an issue or a pull request. Contributions are welcome!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Special thanks to [nesdev.org](https://nesdev.org) for the comprehensive information and guidance.

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to me at eafc677698@gmail.com for any questions or feedback.

Commit message:

Headers for unofficial opcodes. Instruction corrections next update

README.md, after:

# NESEMU - NES Emulator

NESEMU is a software emulator for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES), a popular 8-bit home video game console from the 1980s.
This emulator is the NTSC version of the NES. There are no current plans to add PAL compatibility.

## Dependencies

- [SDL2](https://www.libsdl.org/download-2.0.php)
- [SPDLOG](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog)

## Building

### Windows

Currently, NESEMU is only compiled using Visual Studio 2022's compiler on Windows, and it is developed using CLion as the IDE.

#### Build Steps

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/EA677698/NESEmu`.
2. Open the project in your perferred IDE.
3. Make sure SDL2 and SPDLOG are properly linked.
4. Build and run the project.

### Other Operating Systems

Support for other operating systems is planned and will be added in the future.

## Testing (CLI)

The emulator can be testing by passing arguments to it. The following are the available arguments:

```./emulator (path to the ROM file) (Optional initial PC value, otherwise set to -1) (Memory address 1) (Memory address 2)...```

Memory addresses passed as arguments will have their contents printed every cycle.
if '~' is passed in place of a memory address, the emulator will read continuously from the last specified address until
it reaches a null terminator then will continue with the rest of the arguments


## Resources

A lot of information, research, and resources that have been used in this project can be found at [nesdev.org](https://nesdev.org).

Information about unofficial opcodes used can be found at [www.masswerk.at](https://www.masswerk.at/nowgobang/2021/6502-illegal-opcodes).

## Contributing

If you're interested in contributing, please open an issue or a pull request. Contributions are welcome!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Special thanks to [nesdev.org](https://nesdev.org) for the comprehensive information and guidance.

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to me at eafc677698@gmail.com for any questions or feedback.
